Participant Information Statement


Project Name: CP10 - Designing a web app for facilitating the submission of low risk ethics applications

What is the study about?

You have been invited to take part in a research study that aims to fill a series of questions without guiding to complete the ethics questionnaire. 

The following are important for the validity of the ethics questionnaire:

You must be 18 years ir older to participate in this study. 

You must be fluent in English. 

Your interaction with the interface will be screen recorded. 

Who is carrying out the study?

The study is directed by CHAI LAB at The University of Sydney. Other researchers who are collaborating in this study are Waheeb and Prof.Judy Kay from School of Computer Science at the University of Sydney. 

What does the study involve?

If you are agree to take part in the study, you will be asked to do the following task: 
   1. Answer the questions of the coversheet page. 
   2. Answer the questions of ethics questionnaire which has Section A to Section G.
How much time will the study take?

The coversheet page will no more than ten minutes. 
The ethics questionnaire will no more than two hours. 

Can I withdraw from the study?

You can choose not to take part or leave the study at any time. Don't worry, you can continue finish the questionnaire at anytime you want. If you decide to withdraw before the end of the ethics questionnarie, any data from you will be permanently deleted. 

How my data will be stored and my privacy preserved?

All responses collected during the questionnaire will be stored on the University of Sydney Secure Servers. The data will be accessable to research members only. Data collected would not be shared with other organizations. 

Can I tell other people about the ethics questionnaire?

Please do not discuss the questions of ethics questionnaire and feedback information you receive with other potential participants because this would affect their results. 

What if I have any questions and concerns?

Any person with concerns about the ethics questionnaire can contact the manager of the Research Support on Phone: +61 2 8627 8183 
or Email: research.support@sydney.edu.au. 